Update Windows Astro CLI Installation Instructions (#1854)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/install-cli.md

#### Prerequisites

- [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/install/) for Windows.

> - Astro CLI version 1.6 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Should this be a note before or after the "install a specific CLI version" section? Seems weird to have CLI 1.6 as a prerequisite for installing

Reviewer: Per convo in check-in, let's just remove dis @kwcanuck

#### Prerequisites

> - [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/install/) for Windows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- One of the following:
* [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/install/) in WSL2 mode in conjunction with the linux version of astro-cli.
* [Docker Community-Edition Binaries](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/binaries/) in WSL2 mode in conjunction with the linux version of astro-cli.
* [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/install/) in HyperV mode in conjunction with astro.exe.

```

Author: After much discussion with @rob-1126 this was determined to be the best option.
